
1.	Folder named “Ex” contains 10 files with source code, presenting completed tasks of exercises

1.1.	First task is named “Smallest of Three Numbers”
The program present method, that print the smallest of three integer numbers.

1.2.	Next task is named “Vowels Count”
The program present method, that receives a single string and prints the count of the vowels.

1.3.	Next task is named “Characters in Range”
The program present method, that receives two characters and prints on a single line all the characters in between them according to ASCII.

1.4.	Next task is named “Password Validator”
The program checks if a given password is valid by a given rules.

1.5.	Next task is named “Add and Subtract”
The program receive 3 integers, get the sum of the first two integers and subtracts the third integer from the result through two methods.

1.6.	Next task is named “Middle Characters”
The program receive a single string and using one method prints the middle character.

1.7.	Next task is named “NxN Matrix”
The program receive a single integer N and prints NXN matrix with that number.

1.8.	Next task is named “Factorial Division”
The program calculate factorial of two numbers. Divide the first result by the second and prints the division.

1.9.	Next task is named “Palindrome Integers”
The program reads a positive integer numbers. For each number prints whether the number is palindrome or not.

1.10.	Next task is named “Top Number”
The program reads an integer n from the console, finds all top numbers in the range [1 … n] and print them.
1.11.	Next task is named “Array Manipulator”
The program manipulate a given arrays by given commands using different methods.

2.	Folder named MoreEx contains 5 files with source code, presenting completed tasks of “More exercises".

2.1.	First task is named “Data Types”
The program recognized data type of given input and according of type performs various mathematical operations.
2.2.	Next task is named “Center Point”
The program, by giving the coordinates of two points in a Cartesian coordinate system, prints the point that is closest to the center of the coordinate system.
2.3.	Next task is named “Longer Line”
The program, by giving the coordinates of four points in the 2D plan, prints the longer line betwen every pairs points.
2.4.	Next task is named “Tribonacci Sequence”
The program, prints numbers from the Tribonacci sequence by a given number.
2.5.	Next task is named “Multiplication Sign”
The program receive three numbers and finds the sign of result of their multiplication without multiplying



P.S. In every folder with code has a word file with detailed description of tasks and test data.
